My name is Chris Harding and I've been going to gigs in Newport since 1989.
The first gig I went to in Newport was the Wonderstuff at Newport Centre.
It would have been December 1989.
So I would have been 16.
We're really excited about going to the gig.
We did the classic thing of going there really early.
We were queuing outside from about 6 o'clock just so we could be down the front.
Nowadays you'd be turning up about 9, having missed the support band and just about catching the band.
So we were first ones in.
I don't think we even went to the bar that night when we were kids.
We saw basically the Wonderstuff at their peak really.
They were amazing.
There was about four of us there and obviously we all got separated in the mosh pit.
It was a great first gig to go to.
And getting there early we managed to catch the support band which was Ned's Tom Mcduspin
who were amazing and we saw them loads of times when they played Newport because they came back.
And they had two bass players which nobody had at the time.
It was kind of their thing.
I'm not sure it added to the sound at all.
It was just they were just mates I think.
We were all massive fans of the Wonderstuff.
I think Hup the album had come out not that long ago.
They were massive at that time.
I think they had maybe a few top four hits which would write the lower end of the charts.
But we were all really excited to go.
Miles Hunt was a fantastic frontman.
The Wonderstuff at that time they did a few minor hits at the lower end of the top 40.
It was the time before they teamed up with Vic Rees to Dizzy or Sides of a Cow.
They weren't quite unknown.
They weren't megastars.
In fact they never went on to become megastars.
They were kind of a kind of middle-insult level band.
But they always went down really well in Newport.
They played the Newport Centre a few times and the gigs were a real sort of party atmosphere.
Newport Centre was a bit of a mad venue for gigs because when you went in you had the
swimming pool with the wave machine and stuff.
And often you had people in the pool while the gigs were on.
So you went into the venue itself.
It wasn't that big but it was a sports hall.
But the acoustics were really good and you had plenty of seats there so you had the choice
of being right down the front in the middle of the mosh pit or as you got older if you
wanted to go sit in the back and be able to appreciate things a bit more and actually
watch the band.
I think it was a great venue.
It played host to people like David Bowie played there, The Cure, The Smiths, Stone Roses.
I'd say Newport at that time was more of a lure than Cardiff.
I don't think Cardiff had a venue that could touch Newport Centre.
It was the only second gig I'd ever been to.
A few weeks beforehand I'd been to the Beautiful South in Cardiff.
But I think it was one of the stuff that set my love of guitar bands and sort of alternative music.
Another thing I remember is at the end of it when we left.
Seeing all the guys outside selling the dodgy t-shirts which were half the price of the
ones that were on sale in the venue.
I remember seeing that the gig would have been advertised in the NME or Melody Maker
or something like that and then we'd actually physically have to go to the venue to buy
the tickets.
I think you might actually have had to queue up when they went on sale.
There's none of the days like now where you can just order your tickets online.
You physically have to go and get them.